writes
hello very good to all youtube people
here we are one more day in the worst channel
of the story to this day
tomás gamer and in this good video
we come to bring a shocking news
for some sad for others to me
I honestly get pretty much the same
hehehe what do you want me to tell you that we
lie not sincerely the news
itself is this not the club nintendo closes
the club nintendos land that's the
news there is no more when it is going to close
all those goods I can explain
me right now and you will see the advantages and
disadvantages that this brings first thing
has thought everyone is my mother
we are going to die all the stars of
my games because I'm nintendo because
try to steal good is not that there is
end badly tv for that subject not because
well do not close tomorrow has reviewed with
time and time and time in advance
there are eight full months left for
closes the turn closure attempts the
nintendo club is going to close is going to close in
September 2015 although it gives eight months
total where you will be able to spend
our codes and your points in what
what do you want
Now I'm going to explain a little
what has been the news itself already
Tell me what I think about everything
bit
retirement in September 2015 is
boiling
because because they are going to create a new
program and flipnote studio says in some
point of the year nintendo will launch
a new affiliate program that
he replaces his old club and for those who
register during the during their
first weeks there will be a gift in this
case flipnote studio 3 that if you do not
you know is this little program with what
can do animations and draw in
different layers is very very very cool
it's a program that I love and I
I would like very much to have and more if it is
free digitally they give you this way
because if simply to be part of
of the new club nintendo that you do not know
even when will it open
Do not know doors are already going to close
the nintendo club that has been now
where is the star catalog I know where
It's all because they want to do
one better up here we have all arrived
well I want to know if the one that will be
better or they say it will be better going to
be released before later during the
same day that closes in which there is
currently you do not know that is in the
air
that yes in which in the attempt
the nintendo catalog that we have
now in the nintendo club there
currently all the stars everything
what you have will be lost if you have not
spent before that September day
it's so good I think that from here to
September you have plenty of time to
record the games you have and
buy what you like with the
stars that you consider good we continue
with this it's ok it came out japan even had
his own direct attempt in Spanish
they are talking here about flipnote studio
3d
says the calendar of the stars of
nintendo club attention and this is very
important
worth the program is that way according to your
own statement from day 1
April 2015 that is to say within three
months from this date nintendo
will stop including registration cards
in its games in physical format you have
understood as of April 1,
2015 all the nintendo games that
they take out that they take out and when
I will know I will not find this
inside this will no longer be there did not exist
they do not leave what they leave they leave it not anymore
more nor one more from day 1 of
April we will not find that little piece of paper
in physical nintendo games
from April 20 will be left
to register in the club nintendo all
the digital products that we
let's get you know that when
we bought a game in the exxon or
We buy a console or whatever there
times that simply digitally
it automatically registers it does not
you need to enter the code
because they do not give you the new purchases
physical you do not have code but you
shopping in the eshop and automatically
they give the points equally well well that
will not happen from the 20th day of
April and from September 30 of
2015 to the program that nintendo and
all services of the nintendo club
as a new member login
the exchange accumulation of
stars will be unavailable
that is, if September 30th does not
you spent your stars you go to
be without it forever will
lose you will not be able to log in
the one that never again and so on
Etcetera Etcetera doubts that create here
you if you have a nintendo 3ds
nintendo 3ds nintendo wii
we will know that this console
links to the club nintendo what the hell is going
to go through with that you do not know what we're going
to be able to spend the stars
well tried promised that they will leave
a lot of super nice things super
happy that we will love everyone and
that over these eight months
next we will be able to perfectly
I will have 12 or 13 games right now
register more new 3ds plus 3ds console
that goes with capturing then there
There is a colt with points in addition to
I already have 3500 points like that in the catalog
stars that I will be me with that then
let's hope they get something very very nice
that makes us very happy to start
and here begins my opinion and not that
that seems to me because I do not
it seems bad that is to say it seems to me
It would seem wrong if they said this is the
last month of the star catalog and you
you would see people as completely crazy
average normal to 2 we spent the points
in buying shit to waste it but
there are not 8 months left eight months of
which four months will not come out anymore
games with points is to say those games and
the games you buy is here
April will have points is fine and you will
you will spend in the star catalog of
that you want but those that buy
from April to October or forgiveness
until September because there they will not leave
points is not going to have anything you do not have to
eat your mother's head just
I have 22 games are 500 dubious points
no no you do not care because you do not care
no points come so you sub-20
brings to pairo if in the group system of
nintendo games can be registered
that we buy from then or the
method that will lead well that will already be seen
at the moment what comes out but good
I think it's not so bad, so if
It really is to give us something better and
then they give us flipnote 3d
What else do we want? I do not see everything wrong
what changes that is better well yes that
change to worse because I hope it is not
there is time to spare
I hope and I want you to take out cool things
of what the points spent but
Nor is the end of the world do not know there
many people who say my mother this already
it's the end from now on it started
speculate
the club lying will be paid
better yes but will be paid monthly fee
I know that of not seconds that until
they do not present it or it can not be me until
that the new nintendo club does not arrive and
be a shit or do not be a shit not
I will neither praise him nor criticize him
you can simply tell us what there is
nintendo club closes forever
from September 30 from
on April 1, the
physical games the code that starting
from April 20 all purchases
that you do not register
the story the story
the game in your club account
This is how easy it is to spend
stars with heads in moderation
because you only have how many months
eight months and something to spend but
well I think it's time to spare
so you think you expect that
you say ok do not convince me next month
to see what's in the star catalog
I'm not convinced next month to see what
there is in the star catalog this
it's brutal to take five thousand stars
stay then and send me the gift home
I do not know what's wrong with their pros
if I do not know connection has its cons if
I do not know what a reason is because I do not know
know nothing about the new club nintendo this
hehe
there are sad people I do not understand there
happy people I do not understand it until
it is not known how will be the new no
we can criticize it or anything at all that
yes it seems good to me that they try
improve as long as it remains
free and be better there I leave many
thank you for having us to the video I hope that
you have found it interesting and we
we see the next subscribe or die